-No. no. no!
-Previously on Ride or Die...
-[screaming]
-[Ana] I saw her with Whiptail.
I saw Whiptail at your house.
[David] They've been friends
for. like. 20 years.
-Liar.
-They're best friends.
[Sam] Hey.
I fell through a glass door.
[Sam] He keeps the agent records
in a safe.
My mum. She was an assassin.
[Sam] Got her. got her.
It says she died five years ago
on a mission with Whiptail.
-Oh. my God. We have to tell Whiptail.
-Okay. okay.
[Director over phone] Who is this
Debbie Claybourne to you?
She's my friend.
Make a choice. her or me.
Complete the job. or you're out.
[Pedro] We have accounted
for all passengers...
[screams]
[Pedro] ...except for two women.
We have no records of them getting off.
[conversing in French] The Albanian mob
were at the train station this morning.
Fuck... what do they want?
[Ergon] They stole my 24 million.
Go find them.
Mrs. Claybourne? Ah!
You don't need to do this. you know.
Yes. I do.
[Billy] No. you have a choice.
[Debbie] The Albanians are here.
You can't leave me here. they'll kill me.
They're gonna come for you.
You owe these guys 24 million quid.
-I know how we can get it back.
-How?
-[tires squealing]
-[dramatic music playing]
[water lapping]
[suspenseful. dramatic music playing]
[man speaking Turkish]
[men conversing in Turkish]
-[coughs]
-[man gasps]
[men conversing in Turkish]
[yells]
Welcome back.
-You've been out for a while.
-[chains rattle]
Who sent you?
-[soft chuckling]
[grunts]
-Who do you work for?
-[whimpering]
They're coming for me.
No one is coming for you.
[lock clicks]
[♪ Gin Wigmore sings "Kill of the Night"]
♪ The street's a liar ♪
♪ I'm gonna lure you into the dark ♪
♪ My cold desire ♪
♪ to hear the boom. boom. boom
of your heart ♪
♪ The danger is I'm dangerous ♪
♪ And I might just tear you apart ♪
♪ Oh. ah. oh ♪
♪ I'm gonna catch ya ♪
♪ I'm gonna get ya. get ya ♪
♪ Oh. ah. oh ♪
♪ I wanna taste the way
that you bleed. oh ♪
♪ You're my kill of the ♪
♪ night ♪♪
-[knock on door]
-[Director] Come in.
Ah. Sam. do come in.
[suspenseful music playing]
Drink.
No. thank you.
Come on. have a drink.
What were you doing in my office?
[Sam] I was trying to protect my agent.
I think the hit on Billy Donovan
was a setup.
By who?
A former operative.
Redback.
Redback is dead.
No. sir. she's not.
I saw her myself.
Her file said she died on a mission
with Whiptail five years ago in Turkey.
but she's alive.
-I've-I've been trying to tell Whiptail.
-No.
But...
-we have to tell her.
-Whiptail lied.
She is no longer a member
of this organization.
No. but. sir. this woman. Redback.
she's going to kill her.
Yeah. that's what happens when you think
the rules don't apply to you.
Get out.
Oh. and. Sam?
If you tell anyone what you've
just told me. I will kill you.
[♪ Laurie Darmon sings
"Laisse-moi t'aimer"]
[singing in French]
[Judith] We're about 20 minutes away.
Absolutely flew by.
Was that a joke?
Yes. it's a fucking joke.
-[quirky music playing]
-[thunder rumbling]
You're not even gonna give me one fry?
You need to do less on the clutch.
I can smell it already.
-Less on the clutch.
-Back off. both of you! I can drive.
I can drive.
Oh. we can feed him something.
It's not like he's our prisoner.
He is literally our prisoner.
-No. no. just keep going...
-It's right!
-...till you reach the ocean!
-[overlapping arguing]
-It's a one-way street!
-It's left!
[both] Stop it!
So. uh.
did he know anything?
You know. about the Black Mark?
Nothing.
I quit my job.
Why?
I couldn't do it anymore
and look you in the eye.
How do you feel about that?
I don't know.
I've never done anything else.
The Director-- the. you know.
the one who recruited me.
he's been there my whole life.
For the first time. I'm...
...on my own.
You're not on your own.
I had sex with Bodhi.
-What?
-[Billy] What the what?
-Ah.
-Who's Bodhi?
[laughter]
Private moment.
[♪ LU KALA sings "Pretty Girl Era"]
[singing in French]
[bird squawks]
[Debbie] So who's this guy
we're going to meet?
[Billy] Well. he set up David's account.
He's a money mule.
-[Debbie] A what?
-[Judith] Someone who moves illegal money.
[Billy] Yeah. he moves it and hides it.
People pay him to set up companies
in his name.
[Debbie] Why?
[Judith] Well. the company's
registered in Monaco.
which means zero corporation tax.
and that is tax evasion.
Her cover is forensic accountant.
It's not just a cover. I'm a legally
qualified forensic accountant.
-I take financial crime very seriously.
-Who are you?
-[suspenseful music playing]
-All right. it's just down here.
[knock on door]
Yeah. we're here to see Elijah.
-Password.
-I don't--
I don't know.
Just tell him Billy's here. all right?
Oh. f...
It's some Lord of the Rings
bollocks. innit?
All right. um...
"Nordor."
It's Mordor. dickhead.
And that is not the password.
Brian? Is that you?
Whiptail? Hi. [chuckles]
-I haven't seen you since Singapore.
-How's your mum?
Yeah. good. Thanks. Yeah. Doing time.
-Yeah. I heard.
-Hmm.
-Will you send her my best?
-Mm-hmm.
Listen. um. you can just let us in.
can't you?
-We're in a bit of a hurry.
-Yeah.
[Brian] Wish I could. ma'am.
but it's password or nothing.
And it ain't fucking "Nordor."
-Dickhead.
-Did you read Lord of the Rings?
No. but I get it. It's like a... an elf
and-and-and. uh...
-and a goblin.
-[Brian] He's a dwarf.
-No. no. no. an orc's got a ring.
-[Brian] He's a hobbit!
-So. there's an elf. a dwarf and a hobbit.
-[Billy] Mm-hmm.
And at one point. they. uh. get to a big
locked door. and behind that door is...
-Bilbo?
-[Brian groans] It's the Mines of Moria.
-Psst.
-[Billy] Right.
-There's a-a-a big door.
-Mm-hmm.
And then. above the door it says.
"Speak friend and enter."
I'm-I'm speaking.
I'm saying. I'm saying let me in.
"Speak friend and enter."
"Friend."
"Friend" is the password.
Friend.
It's in Elvish.
[all] Oh. come on. Brian!
[Judith] Fuck's sake.
Fucking Elvish.
Right. it's "mellon." all right?
Mellon. Mellon with two Ls.
What the fuck?
[Debbie and Judith gasp]
It's "Meh-lon."
You've got to do the voice.
Sounds like fucking melon. didn't it?
[triumphant music playing]
-Good beard.
-Thank you. For the ladies.
Really?
Rules are rules.
Oh. it's a...
sex thing.
It is not a sex thing.
It's good to see you. Whiptail.
Oh. it's just Judith now. I'm out.
-"Whiptail." eh?
-Yeah.
It's a deadly Mexican desert lizard.
The female eats the male.
Did sound cooler when I chose it.
-Yeah. I bet it did. [laughs]
-Oh. shut up.
Ah. Billy Donovan.
And friends.
How can I help you?
I need you to access the account
I had you set up for David Claybourne.
Oh. yeah. the weaselly guy.
politician. got involved
with the Albanians.
His wife didn't know anything about it.
No. The wife didn't know
anything about it.
That's what you do. is it?
You hide up here and you hide
people's money from their wives?
Yeah. and the police
and the mob and the taxman.
And. uh. for what it's worth.
you're the first wife
ever to have found me.
Well. now we need to give it back
to the Albanians.
24 million pounds.
Okay. No problem.
Let's... [clicks tongue] move it back.
Oh. I need. uh. ten percent of the total.
Oh. for God's sake. Brian.
what do I pay you for?
Look. you do realize. if you kill me.
the money stays where it is.
I'm not going to kill you.
[sighs] Fine. five percent.
Okay. all right. all right.
No percent.
A fine compromise.
In this very specific. non-citable
situation. I won't ask for a cut.
Let's have a look.
-Mr. David Claybourne.
-[computer chirps]
Huh.
[suspenseful music playing]
It's gone.
What do you mean it's gone?
Well. he's emptied the account.
He's cashed out. Took all of it.
What?
[Elijah] Sorry. ma'am.
happens all the time.
He's probably on a beach
in Costa Rica as we speak.
[grunting]
[tense music playing]
Ow. [groaning]
I already told you about the money!
What more do you want from me?!
Somebody help me!
[entry bells jingle]
[Director] Hello. Diane.
[suspenseful music playing]
There's something I need to see.
[Judith over video] He was able
to take the shot.
I couldn't get to her in time.
-[interviewer] And the body?
-I dealt with it myself.
Followed Agency protocol.
Left no trace.
Redback is dead.
[interviewer] And can you explain your...
There's a place in the mountains
above Ankara.
They're operating an unsanctioned prison.
Six months ago. there was a riot.
She escaped. killing half the guard
on her way out.
The Black Mark. it's her.
Does Whiptail know?
No.
You've known that girl
since she was 15 years old.
If you do nothing.
you're gonna watch her die.
I've known Ana since she was 15.
and because of Whiptail's lies.
I left her to rot.
And Whiptail left. Nobody leaves.
I did.
Yes. well...
...you were always
an exception to the rule.
[suspenseful music playing]
♪ ♪
-Hey.
-[Sam] Hey.
I've had a new idea about how
-we can contact Whiptail.
-No.
I know what you're gonna say. okay?
Only she can contact you
-and you can't contact her.
-No.
-And I know that--
-No as in no. Queenie. No more.
-What do you mean "no more"?
-He knows.
He knows we broke into his office.
He knows what we did.
So?
What do you mean "so"?
So. he threatened you.
Right. like. who cares?
-This is actually important.
-I care.
If I go against him. I lose my job.
I lose everything--
Yeah. including your agent.
if you don't warn her what's coming.
Where's your loyalty. Sam?
My loyalty's to the Agency.
To the Agency?
You're a coward.
[Debbie] Okay. okay. so-so
we contact the Albanians.
Tell them David is still alive.
he ran off with the money. make him
pay the money back. and leave us alone.
You know it doesn't work like that. right?
The mob live and die by their reputation.
If you crossed them.
you've got to pay them back. or they'll
hunt you down and kill you
and your family.
What the fuck?
It's the truth.
Yeah. it's the truth.
so stop trying to protect me from it.
-Well. then I'm gonna have to kill him.
-No.
-It's the only way.
-Right. it's a shit idea.
You kill Kreshnik. his brother takes over.
You kill the brother. the cousin
takes over. Kill the cousin.
the fucking great grandma takes over.
and on and on it goes.
They'll hunt you down
for the rest of your life.
No more killing.
That's not who you are anymore.
[Judith] Well. right. okay.
-what about this then?
-Clara?
-Oh. my God.
[tense music playing]
[conversing in Italian]
I can't believe it...
Arnando.
Beautiful!
- How are you?
Good. Good.
- Give me a kiss.
She just...
switched into a completely
different person.
Obviously. she's undercover.
So. be cool.
[conversing in Italian]
It's been a while.
Ever since...
the death of Jean-Paul.
What a tragedy. no?
Oh. my God. I know who that is.
He's a fucking arms dealer.
[conversing in Italian]
Hello. how are you? Everything okay?
No... He is English. She is American.
Um. I'm having a little party tonight
at my house.
and it would be my honor
for you to join me.
-Oh. Yes.
-[Arnand] Sì?
[laughs]
I would love to show you my etchings.
Hmm?
-Ciao.
-Ciao. Ciao. bello.
-Get up.
-[Billy] Hmm?
[Judith] We're leaving now.
We need to get out of Monaco.
We haven't paid.
-I need a box for this.
-[Judith] Shut up.
Get up.
-Who was that guy?
-[sighs] Friend of an old target.
-And by target. you mean...
-Yes. I killed his friend.
But he was the head
of a human trafficking ring.
Well. he certainly seemed
very taken with you.
Oh. shut up.
He just invited you
to have a look at his etchings.
Yeah. he means his real etchings.
Okay? He collects stolen art.
uses it as collateral.
What kind of art?
Oh. I don't know. like. you know.
antiquities. priceless shit.
-Where does he keep it?
-[Judith] In his house.
The house that he just invited us to?
[Judith] Oh. yes. a horrible place.
[percussive music playing]
Why'd you stop?
That's it.
That's how we pay the Albanians.
What?
We're gonna rob him.
[Colette speaking French]
No. Out of the question.
Please! Give me more time.
No. I'm triggering the Red Notice.
This is a manhunt now.
"Womanhunt".
Anyway. we have to find them.
If you do that. we lose all chance
of getting to Ergon Kreshnik.
The Albanians are after her.
If you just give me time.
I'll convince her to cooperate.
You don't know that!
You don't know anything about her.
I just don't think she's a killer.
Listen... Just give me a chance.
And if I can't get her.
you can trigger your Red Notice.
Sir?
The Vespa from the hostel was found at
the home of this man: William F. Donovan.
His car was gone but the license plate
was detected by a radar camera.
Speeding?
Actually. going too slowly.
-This is a safe speed.
-Can you just-- No. it's not.
-It is a safe speed.
-[horn blaring]
-You're driving like my grandma.
-It's like a car park behind you.
[conversing in French]
Where did it happen?
Just outside of Monte Carlo.
You have 24 hours.
You find her. you make her talk.
After that. I order the Red Notice.
[♪ Erwin Flores sings "El Salvavidas"]
[singing in Spanish]
[sighs]
Interpol are on to them.
I know where they are.
Where?
I'm. uh. risking my job here.
I would like to discuss my pay.
Businessman. huh?
I like it. How much?
I-I don't want to offend you.
I mean. if Interpol...
-Besnik. [whistles]
-[slaps car door]
Bring me all the money.
[whistling a tune]
[car door opens]
[car door closes]
-Hmm? [chuckles]
-Yeah.
-They're in Monte Carlo.
-Monte Carlo. [laughs]
[gasps]
-[straining]
-Uh-huh.
Pleasure doing business with you.
♪ ♪
[singing continues in Spanish]
[Spiro] You guys are going
to love Monte Carlo.
[Judith] All right. just get your things.
we're going.
We've got to get out of town.
No.
It's not a subject for discussion.
-We are leaving.
-[safe keypad beeps]
Yes. it is. This is a good plan.
It actually is.
Oh. shut up.
Look. I know you're nervous. but if
something goes wrong. Billy will be there.
Oh. well. as long as Billy's
going to be there.
He's in the same boat as us.
The Albanians are after him. too.
Right. which means he's gonna run off
the first chance he gets.
-I'm right here. you know.
-This isn't about him. is it?
You don't think I can do it.
No. I don't want you to do it.
I don't want you to do any of this.
I don't...
I don't want you to go down this road.
I'm already there.
This is the only way out
of our situation. okay?
I am doing this plan tonight.
I am doing it. I am... I am...
fu...
You can't even say "fucking."
Yes. I f...
Stop breathing into the "fu."
-Fuck. We're fucking doing it. Fuck!
-Brilliant.
-[door opens. slams shut]
-Looks like we're fucking doing it.
You can shut your fucking cake hole. too.
I'm looking for two women
who may have checked in recently.
May I speak to your manager?
[Debbie] Fuck.
Fuck.
[sighs] Excuse me. hi.
I am going to a black tie event tonight.
and I need a fucking dress. so...
-Okay. [chuckles]
-I'm sorry. I-I...
That wasn't directed at you.
I-I-I recently learned to curse and...
[clerk] Good for you.
I will go get the concierge.
-[clears throat]
-[sighs]
Big event this evening?
Very. Uh. sorry...
-if you heard me curse.
-No.
And. um. are you. are you
attending alone. or...?
No. thank you.
Excuse me?
I mean. you seem very nice. but I've got
a lot going on right now. [laughs]
I'm sorry if you misunderstood.
I-I wasn't hitting on you.
Yes. you were.
[chuckles]
Okay. what if I was hitting on you?
Could I buy you a drink?
What are you. six. seven months divorced.
and you only just took your ring off?
You keep touching that place where it was
because you forget it's not there.
You found one good suit ten years ago
and you wear it constantly
because it shows the rest of the world
you take yourself too seriously to care.
And... you take your work
with you everywhere.
So. you see. it's like I said.
you seem very nice.
but you got a lot going on.
and I'm not taking it on.
-[concierge] Madame.
-Thank you.
A list of recommended boutiques.
Our in-house tailor
can handle any alterations.
so if you write down your name
and room number.
-I'll pass it along.
-Oh. thank you.
[suspenseful music playing]
[laughs]
[sighs]
[concierge] Thank you. Miss Gillingsby.
♪ ♪
-Hello. Ana.
-[gun clicks]
[Ana] Why didn't you look for me?
[tense music playing]
Until last night.
I didn't know you were alive.
Liar. You know everything.
No. Whiptail lied to me.
She told me you were dead.
And you believed her?
What do you want. Ana?
What do I want?
I want the last five years
of my life back.
I want back every year
I spent working for you.
What will I settle for?
Look me in the eye and ask me.
Ask me to kill her.
No.
She has a friend.
-Not a cover. an actual friend.
-I know.
You know?
I found out the day before
I found out you were alive.
But she broke your rules.
You said we weren't allowed
emotional attachments.
They make us weak.
They make us vulnerable.
So they don't apply to her?
She betrayed you.
I did everything you ever asked of me.
and you didn't even look for me.
-You're not going to kill me. Ana.
-Oh. I am.
I have a plan. but first.
I'm going to kill your favorite girl.
[sighs]
-[entry bells jingle]
-Where have you been?
Out.
Don't you dare walk away from me.
I know where you've been.
You broke into his office.
D-Do you have any idea
how dangerous that is?
I-I don't know. Mum.
How dangerous is it?
Is it more or less dangerous
than being an assassin?
Yeah. found your file.
And I found my birth certificate.
which is. guess what. a fake.
And to be honest. Mum.
it's not your best work.
Why do I have a fake birth certificate?
I was trying to protect you.
[laughs] You were trying to protect me?
We sell illegal passports for a living.
Well. I couldn't do it.
I couldn't get all the way out.
I missed it.
I'm sorry I took that away from you.
Who's my dad?
He's nobody. I told you.
He-he left us before you were born.
Why would I believe you?
Wait. is it your real name
on my birth certificate?
Is it mine? Are you even my real mum?
What? Of course I am.
How can you even say that?
Right.
And that's the face you make
when you're telling the truth.
which is how I know
you are lying about the rest of it.
Hey. this isn't over. Where are you going?
I'm going to warn Whiptail
there's a psycho assassin after her.
and I'm the only person
doing anything about it!
You think you can read my face
when I'm telling you the truth?
Listen to me right now.
Whatever you think you know about Ana.
whatever you think you can do to help.
you stay the fuck away from this.
[dramatic music playing]
[entry bells jingle]
[tense music playing]
[printer whirs]
McDonald's in Orange.
McDonald's in Marseille.
McDonald's in Toulon.
Where are you going. Billy Donovan?
Monaco.
[phone buzzing]
I have a job for you.
This is sort of our thing. innit?
What is?
Well. me in cuffs.
you pacing around the room.
That's our thing.
Shut up.
Sorry. I'll. uh...
let you focus.
Practice your look for tonight.
-What look?
-You know.
Your look.
Your look. The flirty little look you do.
Did it to me at the Water Relief Gala. and
certainly did it to that guy today.
I have never once given you a look.
When you gonna admit you like me?
[scoffs]
You quit your job for me and everything.
No. I didn't quit my job for you.
You just happened to be there when I quit.
Same thing.
Listen. I can see you're nervous
about tonight.
You're scared for your friend.
I get it. It's nice what you guys have.
The way you guys
look out for each other is...
It's not nothing. you know?
Some people wait a lifetime
to have something like that. to be...
...loved unconditionally.
[scoffs]
Wish I had something like that.
Oh. please.
What?
I'm being vulnerable.
Oh. does that ever work?
The whole...
"I wish I had something" business?
[gentle music playing]
Yeah.
Yeah. it does. actually.
Mm.
Is that your fucking look?
Oh. Oh. that's my fucking look.
I got a killer look.
-[both laughing]
-You're so full of shit.
Listen. I'm serious. though.
If we're gonna do this tonight. then...
...there's something I'm gonna need.
[sensual music playing]
[handcuffs clicking]
[yells]
Come on.
You're not even gonna help me
take my clothes off?
They can get wet.
[sighs]
[mischievous music playing]
[door opens]
-Hey.
-Oh.
-I sized you up.
-Ooh.
There we go. Ready?
-Oh. my God.
-[laughing] Right?
[♪ Seibold w/ Ittibitti
sing "So Obsessed"]
♪ Hey there. hi. hello ♪
-♪ I'm-a. I'm-a repeat ♪
-♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Think you've seen it all.
but you've never met me ♪
♪ Future in my sights. I'm a visionary ♪
♪ Light bulb moment.
that's my kind of energy ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
♪ It's my world that we're living in ♪
♪ If you want. take it for a spin
to a place you ain't never been...
[Judith] There he is.
Do you have the signal blocker?
It won't hold for very long.
so you get in and you get out.
From the moment that door opens.
you'll have two minutes and 30 seconds.
-Anything feels off--
-We know.
We've been through this a hundred times.
If anything feels off. anything at all.
you get the hell out of there.
And you...
don't take your eyes off her.
It's okay.
I've got this.
♪ Show you what it's about ♪
Go get him.
♪ I'm on my way up.
all you can do is count down ♪
-♪ Three. two. one. ready. go ♪
-♪ Yeah ♪
-♪ Hands to the top of the dome ♪
-♪ Hey ♪
-♪ Got 'em all feeling like whoa ♪
-♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Got the game wrapped with a bow ♪
-♪ Curtains up. time for the show ♪
-♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Can't nobody match my flow ♪
♪ If you didn't know. now you know ♪
[lighter clicking]
♪ You're looking at the best one yet ♪
-♪ Yeah ♪
-♪ 'Bout to have you so obsessed ♪
♪ So obsessed...
[lighter clicking repeatedly]
Give me that.
♪ 'Bout to have you so obsessed...
All right.
Stay with me.
Watch my six.
Watch your own six.
It means watch my back.
Why didn't you just say that?
It takes just as long to say "six"
as it does to say "back."
Okay. Watch my back.
Look. we're flanking north
across the ballroom
and then taking the northwest exit.
We're going left. then right.
Thank you.
What do I look like. a polar explorer?
[Judith gasps softly]
[conversing in Italian]
Beautiful fountain. huh?
Very.
Come.
- I'm coming.
[ominous music playing]
I'm sorry.
[chuckles softly]
[buttons beeping]
How grand.
Come. Welcome to my gallery.
-[light. majestic music playing]
-[Judith sighs in awe]
[Judith laughs]
That ivory chess set came straight
out of a Viking tomb.
Really?
This wooden head belonged to Charles II.
The original wig was made
completely from the pubic hair
of all of his lovers.
Very interesting. right?
Very.
Come here. I want to show you a painting.
Of course.
Here it is.
"The Storm On The Sea of Galilee".
How marvelous.
Not as marvelous as you.
Are there other rooms that I can see?
Yes. there are other rooms.
That's a wonderful idea.
Your bedroom. perhaps?
Oh. Bedroom.
Let's go.
So. Debbie...
Sorry.
-For what?
-It's just...
Everything. All of this.
It's my first time ever meeting the wife
of someone I do business with. and...
-for what it's worth. I think--
-Billy. not the time.
Focus. Your six.
There she is.
One. three. zero. six. nine. seven.
Well. I-I thought this was eight. no?
It's a six.
She spent a whole hour teaching it to us.
[Billy] One. three. oh. six. nine. seven.
-One. three. oh. six. nine. seven.
-Would you stop saying it out loud?
-You're messing me up.
-I'm-I'm trying to remember.
-One. three. oh. six. nine. seven.
-Stop saying it out loud.
-[intriguing music playing]
One. three. oh. six. nine. seven.
[both] Six. nine. seven.
Right. that's it.
-Oh. be careful.
-Oh.
-Is there any more?
-Right there.
-What the fuck is that?
All right.
-Okay.
-All right. here we go.
[clicks]
-[sighs]
-Did it work?
-No. one more round.
-[clicks]
Oh. come on.
[security guard] Hey.
[speaking French]
What are you doing down here?
Please...
I've gone on...
holiday...
...with my family.
[Debbie] Uh. s-s-sorry. Sorry.
The vol-au-vents.
Could-could you hold this
for a second. please?
[grunts]
Oh. shit!
I broke the signal blocker.
-What did you do that for?
-It was instinctive.
My... my right hand's my best hand.
What the fuck are we gonna do now?
-Hey. that one come out just right.
-[scoffs]
We're gonna have to do this
the old-fashioned way.
[grunts]
-One. three. zero. six. nine. seven.
-One. three. zero...
six. nine. seven.
-[Debbie] Six. nine. seven. Three.
-[Billy] One. three. zero...
-Six. nine. seven.
-Nine...
-[doors whooshing open]
-[Debbie gasps]
Hell yeah.
[intriguing music playing]
[Debbie] A Rembrandt.
A Vermeer.
A Ducati.
Holy shit.
Get off that. Stay on mission.
No. no. this is worth
a quarter of a mil at least.
It's got to fit in the bag.
High-value items
small enough to fit in the handbag.
That's the mission.
Twenty-four million pounds is the goal.
Come on.
-Well. how about this?
-No. it's a reproduction.
-What. how can you tell?
-No hallmarks.
The jewels glued in
and brush strokes on the enamel.
None of this. all of that.
-Ooh.
-Wait. what? That shit bowl?
The glazing. the crackling.
This is original Song dynasty.
Easily a million.
[gasps]
-[Billy] What the fuck?
-[Debbie gasps]
A Breguet.
Number 160. the Grande Complication.
Made for Marie-Antoinette herself.
Yeah. but how much is it worth?
The last time it was up at auction.
18 million pounds.
[Billy] Be careful. be careful.
-Okay.
-All right. let's get the fuck
out of here.
[speaking Italian] I was very moved
when I saw you in the city today.
My Clara.
Once again in my life.
Thank you.
Then...
I was contacted by an old friend.
[speaking English] And he asks me
to help him with a little problem.
[speaking Italian]
Why are you speaking in English?
Because you are English. aren't you?
I know because my friend sent
a picture of your passport.
Your face. a different name.
And I realized la mia Clara doesn't exist.
There's no weapons in here.
I made sure of it.
Like I made sure not to eat
or drink in your presence.
not even to kiss you.
in case you poisoned me
like you poisoned Jean-Paul.
Arnand...
Wait a second...
You don't understand a fucking thing.
Oh. please. let it go.
It's over.
Mr. Spiro here is the son
of an old friend.
A friend who was open
to discussing a trade.
I collect treasures.
and I can trade for weapons. for control.
for total monopoly on Albanian territory.
And you... [chuckles]
you are my most invaluable treasure.
-Get the bitch.
-[guns cocking]
[singing in French]
All right.
We just need to make it
to the exit. all right?
We're just two regular people at a party.
All right. almost there.
Debbie. Debbie Claybourne.
Come on.
Who are you?
My name is Jacques Boucher.
I am Interpol.
Keep dancing.
[singing continues in French]
-[intense music playing]
-[heavy breathing. whimpering]
[gasping]
[grunts]
Where's our money. hmm?
Where is our fucking money?
Huh?
Hmm?
[stammering softly]
Come on. tell me. tell me. Come on.
The mo-- the money--
Yes. where? Come on. come on.
Tell me. tell me. where is it? It's--
[screaming]
[grunts]
Again!
[yelling]
What do you want?
I want to help you.
I don't need your help.
Oh. you do if Ergon Kreshnik is after you.
What do you know about that?
I know the Albanian mob are chasing you.
I know you've got a fake passport
and two days ago
you jumped off a moving train.
I know that in the 25 years
you've lived in London.
you've never had so much
as a parking ticket.
I know you're a married woman.
but you're not wearing your wedding ring.
And I know you're scared
and you're tired of pretending you're not.
I'm not scared.
And you're a bad liar.
[singing continues in French]
Come with me.
We can help each other.
[Debbie] Billy?
[Jacques] I'll protect you from Kreshnik.
and together we can end this.
I know him.
He's with the Albanians.
Oh. God.
-Judith...
-[Jacques] Stop. Interpol.
[crowd gasping]
[screams]
-[suspenseful music playing]
-[muffled struggling]
-[Spiro speaking indistinctly]
-[Judith gasping]
[Spiro] Tell me. where is my money?
[objects clattering]
[yelling]
[breathing heavily]
[Spiro] Where is our money?
[gasping]
-Oh. fuck.
-[door opens]
[Arnand exclaims in Italian]
[grunting]
[exciting music playing]
[glass shatters]
[shouting]
[Voltan] Shoot her!
-[grunting]
-[Judith yells]
[yells]
[yelling]
[Debbie grunts]
[pained gasping]
[yells]
[groans]
-[breathing heavily]
-[heart beating]
[atmospheric music playing]
♪ ♪